/**
 * Author: Ulf Lundstrom
 * Date: 2009-08-09
 * Source: Experience
 * Description: This file gives you a list of what to do when you get an unexpected result on your submission.
 * Time: O(M+N) where M and N are the number of characters in the problem statement and your submission respectivly.
 * Status: Under construction
 * Usage: Find the list corresponding to your judge response. Answer each question truthfully and ponder upon your answer. Follow the instructions and think for yourself. When you have gone through the list twice ask your team mates for what to do and go to another problem if they will not help you.
 * Changes:
 */

Accepted:
Congrats!

Wrong answer:
Print your solution!
Is your output format correct? (including whitespace)
Do you handle all corner cases correctly?
Have you understood the problem correctly?
Can your algorithm handle the whole range of input?
Are you sure your algorithm works?
What special cases have you not thought of?
Are you sure the stl functions you use work as you think?
Read the full problem statement again.
Create some testcases to run your algorithm on.
Go through this list again.
Go through the algorithm for a simple case.
Explain your algorithm to a team mate.
Ask the team mate to look at your code.
Rewrite your solution from the start or let a team mate do it.

Runtime error:
Have you tested all corner cases locally?
Are you reading or writing outside the range of any vector?
Any possible division by 0?
Any possible infinite recursion?

Time limit exceeded:
Do you have any possible infinite loops?
What is the complexity of your algorithm?
Are you copying a lot of unneccessary data?
How big is the input and output?
What do your team mates think about your algorithm?

Memory limit exceeded:
What is the maximum amount of memory your algorithm should need?
Do you have any memory leaks? (use stl instead)
Are you clearing all datastructures between test cases?

Output limit exceeded:
Did you remove all debug printing?
Can your output loop run amok?

Illegal function:
What the %#@$ are you doing?
I hope you are not trying to read or write to a file or check the time.

Compilation error:
Compile localy!
Include all files you need explicitly even if they should be included by some other file.
Send a clarification.

Compilation time limit exceeded:
Recursive templates aren't any good so stop using them.

Too late:
Sorry about that. Better luck next time!

